feat(core): add translate support to useBreadcrumb (#2030)
pankod/refine: .changeset/calm-sloths-pretend.md

---
"@pankod/refine-core": minor
---

> add translate support to [`useBreadcrumb`](https://refine.dev/docs/core/hooks/useBreadcrumb/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added i18n support for resource names on [`useBreadcrumb`](https://refine.dev/docs/core/hooks/useBreadcrumb/) hook
```
